[Reimbursements] Allow multiple payout settings (#152)
hackclub/hcb-engr: content/posts/reimbursements-multiple-payout-settings/post.mdx

import post from '@/components/Post';
import payoutImage from "./payout.png";
export default post({
  title: "💸 Reimbursements: Configure multiple payout settings",
  slug: "reimbursements-multiple-payout-settings",
  category: "new",
  tags: ["reimbursements"],
  authors: ["mohamad"],

>   date: new Date("2026-07-02T20:00:00.200Z")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  date: new Date("2026-07-29T20:00:00.200Z")
```

});

You can now configure multiple payout settings for reimbursements! This means that you can set up different payout methods such as ACH, Wire, Check, or Wise transfers at the same time.

> This allows you to have more flexibility and control over how each of your reimbursements is paid out. If you already have a payout method set up, you will continue to see that as the default option for all new reimbursements. Payout settings for reimbursements that are processing can't be changed until processing is complete.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can now configure multiple payout settings for reimbursements! This means that you can have more than one ACH, Wire, Check, or Wise transfer account saved on HCB at the same time.

This allows you to have more flexibility and control over how each of your reimbursement reports is paid out. If you already have a payout method set up, you will continue to see that as the default option for all new reimbursements. Payout settings for reimbursements that are processing can't be changed until the transfer has been sent.
```
